Thu Aug 29 08:07:23 PDT 2019

Baby steps.  I will limit myself to two beers a day.

I will _plan_ my day.  Not in great detail, but always have a plan.

I'm going to do the bare minimum at work.  I'm powered up in that column
already.  Any free time I get there I'll spend on the rest of my life.

Thu Aug 29 08:14:51 PDT 2019

I'm drawing a blank.  I know the meetings I have today, but what else?  I can't
plan when I don't have direction.  Let's start defining some goals so we can
break them down into objectives and plans.

"Don't drink" is not a plan.

Fitness and physical health is a good place to start.  I have a cast and I've
been using it as an excuse not to exercise - sweat.  And I'm in the desert.  So
what?  Let's sweat.

For lunch, I'm going to power walk like an old lady, get all sweaty, take a
shower, then resume work.  Later this afternoon, I'll meditate for 10 minutes.

Thu Aug 29 08:24:53 PDT 2019

My monkey mind gets going and I try and overplan everything.  That overwhelms me
and leads to paralysis or quitting.  I have a thousand ideas, but I don't need
to get them all out now.  Limit and select - that's how to focus.  My baby steps
may be too small, but we can adjust on the next one.


* limit work
* take a walk
* meditate
* take family to a park
* limit beer
* replace negativity with silence or solutions

Thu Aug 29 08:57:34 PDT 2019

I've relocated to a hip coffee place to work.  Starbucks is easy and I say I do
it for the convenience, which is partly true, but really, I get nervous in
places like this.  It's as if I don't feel worthy of being here.  But I'm here
now and it will be OK.  Looking around, if I actually _look_ the people in the
eyes, I can strip away the nervousness of the crowd and make them individuals.
Mostly, they seem non-threatening and typically oblivious to their surroundings.

It's OK that I'm here.

On another note, I am going to call my sister today.  I'm lazy with
communication.  I need to strengthen relationships.

Thu Aug 29 09:30:49 PDT 2019

Stop flitting from one thing to another.  Build the attention span.  Be
deliberate.  Pick the thing to do and do _that_ only.  Don't be aimless.

Thu Aug 29 09:51:13 PDT 2019

Rather than waiting around and being "flexible," I just picked 3 random plans
for Labor Day and sent them to my wife.  I am the leader of the family, so I
need to lead.  Being "accomodating" does not mean being a limp whatever dude.
That's certainly added to my frustration, seeing her as a control freak, and
her losing respect.  Me not making plans leaves a vaccuum.  She has to step in
and plan.

So let's get out ahead of things and act beforehand.

Thu Aug 29 11:09:49 PDT 2019

I've noticed I'm just goofing and following random tech things during this
meeting.  I can continue working on the _other_ aspects of life instead.

Another note: Don't use emojis or ! all the time.  I don't want to be silly or
cute,  Reel it in a bit and maybe people will have more respect.  Not to a
lifeless dullard level, just shift away from buffoonery.

Thu Aug 29 13:22:45 PDT 2019

I took a brisk hour-long walk in the noon desert sun.  I didn't have a hat, had
only dark colors, and had flipflops, but I went anyway.  There were dozens of
reasons not to go, but now they are all obvious excuses.  I feel good.

I sent my wife out and told her not to worry about us at all while the kids have
quiet time.  I will encourage her taking time for herself.  She won't ask until
it's dire, so I need to _tell_ her to go.  Then it's on me.  1SG did the same
thing by forcing me to go on leave from Baghdad.  I seriously wanted to stay,
but he didn't care.  Yeah, I didn't have a dad, but I can still scour my
experience for good leadership examples.

Thu Aug 29 13:35:38 PDT 2019

Plans should be based on actions you can complete, tasks.  Avoiding something is
not a task.  How can I check that off?

Thu Aug 29 13:49:11 PDT 2019

I took the opportunity to meditate just now.  Again, I considered putting it off
with fuzzy thoughts of "later."  In reality, though, later would not have
worked.  Did I know that subconciously?

I'm aware of the limited time and resources of adult life.  Selection is
important since you can't do everything.  I planned some things I wanted to do
today to pursue my goals and prioritized them (basically everything else over
work).  This made it a brainless function.  I already did my meeting and took a
walk.  Two other things were scheduled in the future.  The options were then
meditate or do a little work.

I'm aware that I'm rambling.  This is raw material, though.

Thu Aug 29 14:48:52 PDT 2019

Today has gone well.  I need to keep the momentum and pick a park for us to go
to.  I'll present these to my wife as: We will go here.  If she doesn't like it,
I'll say we will go to the other then.  She still gets feedback, but she doesn't
have to come up with the plan.

Thu Aug 29 14:53:45 PDT 2019

Side note: I'm not going to track and log all the exercise I do.  That makes me
too competitive and ends up being daunting.

Thu Aug 29 20:25:27 PDT 2019

I feel quite tired mentally from today, but also proud of everything that was
accomplished.  There's a payoff for doing something set out for.  Free form
objectiveless time is not satisfying.

I'm a bit worried I'm "overtraining" as I'm wont to do when I get motivated to
get in shape physically.  The walk was obviously not too much, but maintaining
focus and trying to stay productive was.  As such, I allowed myself to eat way
too many roasted peanuts and I'm going to let myself have some relaxed time to
browse online.  I kept to all my goals, which was the target today.  Once I get
out of the habit of drinking so much, I can cut down on the snacking.

Overall, today was good.  Let's make it a habit.
