Fri Aug 30 10:13:39 PDT 2019

I just went to a Toastmasters group.  As with yesterday, there were a bunch of
reasons not to go, but I went anyway.

It really highlighted that I'm a freaking wreck.  Yes, I can chit chat and make
quick jokes, but I can't get anywhere near authenticity without falling apart.
Additionally, once I get unhinged I get really hyper and fast and my instincts
take over.  I start reacting to everything and end up giving off god knows what
kind of message.

In my mind I'm amazing.  Once I act, it's shit.

I gave an impromptu talk and I recorded it.  I'm embarrassed to watch it.  It's
a good baseline, though.

Communication is ultimately important.  I need to stop sitting in the shadows
and criticizing.  I have great ideas, but I suck at transferring them.  This
experience highlighted this.

I think I'll go again.  The stated goals of practicing speaking to an audience
is a great thing to become proficient at, but it's also a wild mix of people to
practice smalltalk with.  I really need work on that as well, especially asking
questions and learning about them.  Maybe I'll make a friend, at least I'll
practice talking to others.

On the topic of _doing_, I got up and ran 3 miles.  Yeah, I had to dig my shoes
out from storage, but it took 2 minutes.  Yeah, it was hard to tie my shoes, but
they stayed on.  Yeah, my cast got sweaty, but casts usually stink.  Lesson:
destroy excuses.

Now, it's already late in the day, so I missed "planning time," but I think it's
important, so I'll do it quickly anyway.

Fri Aug 30 10:34:47 PDT 2019

social
  * respond to all
  * find another to attend

marriage
  * Write an email expressing grattitude to wife
  * Spend time fully listening to her and asking questions

I'm realizing that when I plan it turns into me just retrieving things from my
mental TODO list.  To avoid that, I'm presenting it like a video game when you
get to spend attribute points.  Which attributes do I want to improve today?
Once those are identified, what is an action I can take to improve it?

Fri Aug 30 10:57:30 PDT 2019

Wow.  Just a few minutes sending polite emails to strangers is an exercise.  I
really need to practice choosing the right words to craft the impression I want.
Also, I need to practice just basic politeness.  No wonder it's rough at home
sometimes.

Fri Aug 30 15:12:36 PDT 2019

I saw the opportunity to have a sincere talk with my wife, so I shut the laptop
and took it.  We talked for hours and eventually had fantastic sex.  She told me
that my calling her beautiful all day made her feel pretty.  Normally, I would
have tried to do some work to "get it done" then tried to get back to
relationship time.  By then the kids would be running around and the end of the
day we'd be tired.

Maybe this is what "making time" for someone is.  It's just moving them to the
top of the list so they know they're important.

Fri Aug 30 15:30:23 PDT 2019

Probably no surprise here, but that big pasta lunch and two beers has taken all
the wind from my sails.
