Sat Aug 31 07:33:38 PDT 2019

Yesterday was good, though not as productive.  I'm trying to get my thoughts
together and get a plan, but I'm already swept up in the current of the family.

I'm going to prioritize the planning part.  Instead of waiting for the perfect
circumstance, I'll do what I can now.

Yesterday, I worked on social networking and my marriage.  It's the weekend, so
I suppose I should really focus on family.  A large part of that is patience.
When I want to do something else, I have less patience with the family.  So I'll
make it the attribute to work on today.

Sat Aug 31 08:04:03 PDT 2019

Breakfast is done and everyone's getting dressed.  Two minutes to gather my
thoughts.  The day is already planned.  What can I do to strengthen the family?
Doing things together and being fully present is a good start.  Maybe most of
today I'll just be thoughtful, patient, and kind.  That's no small task.  It
seems like the right thing to, but I'd also like some actions I can take.

Sat Aug 31 12:29:02 PDT 2019

We did lunch after shopping.  I tried to just stay cool.  Seems like it worked.
Everyone's pretty happy.

I'm feeling relaxed and lazy.  There is a strong temptation to relax, but that
will lead to relapse.  I need to build on this momentum.

* Family strength
* Marriage
* Fitness
* Mental well-being
* Finances
* Career
* Social

Sat Aug 31 12:36:26 PDT 2019

I'm over analyzing again, trying to devise categories and whatnot.  I should
just start with picking goals.  Getting the finances in order is a big one.

I'm daydreaming and unfocused right now.

Sat Aug 31 13:05:10 PDT 2019

I'm thinking I'll take our tax income account and move it into a MMA.  I don't
know much about them, but that's a place to start.  That will power up our
finances a bit.

Task: Learn about MMA, pick one, move our income tax funds into it.

Sat Aug 31 14:08:01 PDT 2019

So, that didn't take long and now we're set up for all our tax deposits to go
into an MMA.  It may not be the perfect move, but it's a move.

Sat Aug 31 14:24:50 PDT 2019

I feel like I learned a new tool.  I want to use it for everything.  I'll check
with my wife and see if she's OK putting another account in another MMA.

When I checked with her a while ago, I was careful to phrase it as "I am
planninng on X for Y.  What do you think?" instead of asking for permission.
She was totally cool.  Asking for permission has the effect of shifting
responsibility.  I was happy to carry the responsibility and just keep her
informed.

Sat Aug 31 17:31:00 PDT 2019

I had a couple beers and watched some YuTube.  Now the kids are driving me crazy
and I just want to veg.  I'm not sure if it's just the beers, but it seems to be
related.

Sat Aug 31 19:34:05 PDT 2019

My son started picking on me, poking me in the head - he's FHA/Aspie - and after
several warnings, I got up and tried to send him to his room.  My wife jumped in
between and started bitching an me.  Then she gave him a warning saying not to
pick on me.  It's ridiculous.   She undermines me and usurps my authority.  I
told her what she was doing and she got defensive and didn't listen.  I went
outside for a few and chilled, just letting it go.  That's part of this project.

Anyway, we went to the park and my son lost it.  The splash pad was too crowded
and the water too cold.  He started screaming and crying and I calmly
intervened.  My wife took him and walked for the entire time.  The old me would
have been embarrassed, but I'm used to it now.  As expected, everything's just
thrown off now.  My wife's all hyper stressed and tense and I'm still a bit
annoyed at her.  She wants to express herself over what happened, but I can't
sit and listen to her because I'm annoyed.

I'm not blaming little dude, it's not his fault he is this way, but it's OK to
identify a massive source of stress we have in this family that most don't.  To
do otherwise is ignorant or obstinate.

