Mon Sep  2 13:12:43 PDT 2019

I don't know what's going on right now.  We went on our adventue and my wife got
this snotty attitude out of nowhere with giving/not giving directions to where
we were going.  I didn't take any of the bait and mostly kept my cool.  I don't
know.  I just stayed quiet and she started throwing verbal punches.  It was
honestly unmotivated.  She started being as shitty as she could, saying things
like I didn't have any confidence.  Seriously, I was blind-sided.

Fast forward a few hours and our day trip is painted with this shitty attitude.
I'm being quiet, she's still trying to bait me with nonsense.  Her paranoid
insecurities thinking I'm insunuating things - which she and her mom do, I
don't.  I went to make a sandwich and she said she'd do it for me.  OK, accept
the nice offer.  She makes it then with so much sarcasm and vitriol says, "lunch
is served," desperately hoping the universe sees her as poor Cinderella.  I
don't know what to do with this shit or where it came from.  I'm honestly 100%
stumped.

It's just a reminder that the wife is a partner in this system.  She's not
perfect, not even someone I want to be around sometimes, just the other part of
this group project.  I'll allow her to be shitty.  Who knows why she's doing it.
All I can do is let it pass and not press her on it.  Use my other resources.
She's not my friend right now.  This is an example of why I need friends and
relstionship redundancy.

In other news, I'm going to stop drinking.  She's the reason I drink all the
time.  She brought that habit into my life.  I used to drink rarely.  That was
better.  I'm going to go back to that.

Mon Sep  2 15:10:28 PDT 2019

I went on a slow 2 mile run in the sun even though I "shouldn't run every day"
and I just ate and it was too hot etc.  It turned out to be a nice run.  When I
got back, I harnessed the endorphin boost to make ammends.  I told my wife, "I
don't know what happened earlier, but I'm sorry for upsetting you.  Can we flip
and start over?"

"Yes," she said.  "I'm sorry to."

"Thank you," I said honestly without any harsh or loaded tones.

"Thank you for saying that," she responded.  Then I tossed in a small dose of
chit chat and left on a good note.

The lesson?  Water, sleep, and exercise.  That's always the answer.  Seriously,
though, I want a good day.  If that means I have to awkwardly say something and
maybe concede some bullshit, fine.  My job as the leader is to take care of
everyone.  If she's off and acting childish, I have to be the bigger person.

But that endorphin wave trick is pretty cool.
