Fri Sep  6 07:05:27 PDT 2019

# Today

Write an email to old friend avoiding jokes.  Genuinely explain why that pop
song is good.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2Ov5jzm3j8  Spend most of the
email talking about him and asking questions.
  friends - 1
  cynicism - 1
  sincerity - 1
  asking about others - 1

Go to Guitar Center and look around for a at least 30 minutes.  Check new DJ
gear
  spare time - 1
  cynicism - 1

Daily individual focused time.
  respect of family - 1

Fri Sep  6 07:44:09 PDT 2019

I wrote the email.  That was a bit awkward, but it felt good.  The video
exercise was really effective, too.

Fri Sep  6 10:44:52 PDT 2019

I went to GC and it was nice.  I saw a bunch of stuff I used to have and
remembered how amazing I used to think the place was.  Much has changed, but a
lot is the same.  I tried really hard not to worry about work and did a pretty
good job.  I told myself I was going to spend 30 minutes and no one would care.
I was also a good test.  Am I really in a position where I'll be fired if I'm
not responding immediately?

It wasn't in the plan, but I also allowed myself to explore this morning.  I
found a pretty park and meditated for 10 minutes.  It ocurred to me that the
convenience of google and maps makes it easy to find what you're looking for,
but don't lend themselves to discovery.  Random exploration has value.

Fri Sep  6 13:09:28 PDT 2019

I need more actions today.  What can I do?

Maybe not.  If today is light, consider that while planning tomorrow.  Stick
with deliberate action.

Fri Sep  6 19:14:08 PDT 2019

As if the universe wanted to balance out the progress I've made, I had a rough
last half.  This sleazy manager I have, who is extremely passive aggressive,
scheduled a meeting ---

I know I need to journal this to get it off my chest, but I'm not sure if it
should go here or in my work journal.  I'm putting it here as it greatly affects
my life and feelings,

... to discuss topic a.  A few minutes in, he revealed that he actually wanted
to know where defects were coming from.  Then he casually brought up a specific
PR that had my name on it.  He had it waiting and comments from "others" - a
couple in his inner circle - who had complained about it.  They wanted to make
changes to the code and I didn't do it.  The reason is it wasn't a real PR as in
an actual development task.  It was a PR combining various branches from _other_
PRs done by various devs other than me.  I was just the agent in charge of
merging them.  I guess various defects were all being traced back to this.  This
makes sense as the dev practices are horrendous and this PR encompassed an
entire epic.  Long story short, this asshole insinuates that I'm in major
trouble, I created this PR of my own accord, and I colluded with others to
skirt the process to get it in.  In actuality, others instructed me to do this
stupid thing, bypassing process, while I repeatedly expressed concern.

If it was just straight up, I wouldn't feel threatened.  This dude's such a
weasel, though, that I don't know what to expect.  I gathered all the supporting
evidence I could to show what happened, including every related party on the
email - they all talk behind each other's backs, obviously - and put on my best
fact-finding-let's-solve-this-mystery-together tone.  I sent it and that's it.
I would not be surprised to be let go by Monday.  They're panicky scumbags -
common trait among the inept - and I'm a contractor.  I'm a great scapegoat,
especially since they are aware that I measurably know more than them.

Why is this driving me nuts?  I guess because it's a big scary thing.  Worst
case, I'm jobless in the middle of a move with one hand.  Best case, I get to
continue working in a toxic environment.

I need to process it.

I don't want to stress my wife, so I won't dump it on her.  I can carry this.
She knows I had a bad day, but that's enough.  A real man won't dump his
problems on others.  A man plans and acts.

I'll take time this weekend to plan for the scenarios and see what I can do to
get ahead of them.  I'm a badass dude.  Bring it on.
