# Life Assessment

Comment on each item, quantifying where possible.

1 - terrible
5 - excellent

## Items

Stoicism - 3 - OK at sucking it up, but not great with rumination and staying
focused on what I control.

ability to be leader of family - 1 - I have no vision, poor health, and don't
know what to do.

appearance - 1 - fat, ungroomed, shit wardrobe, cast, jacked feet

asking about others - 1 - very self-centered in conversation

boldness - 4 - good at trying new and scary things, still some hesitation,
probably due to low confidence

bravery - 4 - decent, still worried about providing for family

budget - 1 - none

business - 3 - marketable skills, good relations, good rep, not professional
enough often

career - 5 - good money, easy, good rep, need to keep planning for future so as
not to peak, need to network more

character - 3 - solid values, poor execution, temper bad, determination good,
want to improve and be more clearly awesome

charity - 2 - charitable when asked, but not often

clear family direction - 2 - some plans, but very fuzzy, lack of direction
probably leads to instability, my job to fix

compassion - 2 - not great, learning sympathy from ASD

confidence - 3 - confident in tech skills, mostly fake bragging, need to improve
with regard to social interactions and being decisive

conversation skills - 3 - Good at chatting, friendly and jokey, usually not
happy with how silly I get and how one-sided conversations are, need to ask more
questions and slow down, don't always be funny

cool skills - 2 - haven't learned anything cool/fun since surfing

cynicism - 1 - way too cynical, need to find the good in things

deliberateness of action - 2 - trying to practice being mindful, good at work,
personal life tends to just happen, need to have a direction and plan so I can
work toward things

dependability - 3 - good at work, terrible with correspondence, missing implicit
promises that come with husband/father-hood, mostly avoid making promises, bad
with follow through/threats with child discipline

diet - 3 - too much beer, snacking a lot, vegan, decent water intake, not too
much caffeine

emotional control - 2 - lose temper often, broke hand, quite irritable, take
offense and have a hard time ignoring/absorbing

endurance - 2 - not great for me, can suck it up

extended family - 2 - too distant, need to chat more often

family - 3 - hitting some strides here and there, but want it to be stronger,
more one-on-one bonding

family joy - 3 - each seem to be silly, some group joy from experiences

family leadership - 1 - too passive, just allow wife to make decisions then I
support, need to decide direction and lead

family strength - 4 - hardknocked and stubborn, want to be stronger through love
instead of grit

finances - 1 - not saving, bleeding money

focus - 3 - not great at staying on current goal

friends - 1 - none

fun - 2 - family adventures, watching tv, getting drunk

future plans/dreams - 3 - some vague plans for family, need to be more concrete
and actionable

gratitude - 1 - usually take things for granted and focus on problems

growth - 3 - experiencing new things, need personal growth

happiness - 2 - aimless, powerless, need to build a foundation and stop wasting
life

health - 2 - fat, too much beer, not enough sleep, not enough exercise, broken
hand, self-concious of body

helping family members grow - 2 - supportive of decisions, don't provide
guidance, good at teaching kids when it comes up, not actively
supporting/coaching them

hobbies - 1 - none

influence - 2 - decent at work, good in society as I have some money, bad with
appearance/presentation, look like a punk, poor with family, not respected

learning - 3 - learn little tricks at work, nothing major

life skills - 1 - would like to learn to cook

marriage - 2 - hot and cold, lots of stress, loss of respect and attraction

mental health - 3 - meditate here and there, journaling, too stressed, too
reactive, too negative

network - 2 - online network is ok, need to branch out and nurture connections,
retain existing

new things - 3 - haven't tried too many, some (Toastmasters, lap swimming,
Vegas)

passive participant in life or swimming toward something - 2 - moved, aside from
that, floundering

personal growth - 2

physical health - 1

relationships - 1

reputation - 3 - professional, poor personally

respect of coworkers - 4

respect of family - 1

respect of strangers - 3

savings - 2 - some existing, haven't been building

self-awareness - 5 - good, though not happy with the observations

self-discipline - 2 - good for physical/work, bad for food/sleep/laziness

sense of purpose/meaning - 1 - focused on all the bad

sincerity - 1 - sarcastic or silly almost always

situational awareness - 4

skills - 5 - need to keep developing, too specialized

social - 1 - none, awkward, nervous, unpolished

spare time - 1 - seem to have little, probably due to drinking and watching TV

speaking ability - 3 - ok, not complelling, not good at listening

strength - 1 - very poor

thoughtfullness - 4 - good except when under pressure, tend to get caught up

travel - 5

with children - 3 - relationship is ok, low respect

work skills - 5
